the agreement to allow for the
distribution of vaccines in Gaza was met
with relief on the international stage
announced just before an emergency
meeting called by the United Kingdom and
Switzerland we welcome news of an
agreement between Israel and the UN on
on those arrangements we now need to see
them implemented but humanitarians made
clear the plan to get the shots to
640,000 children under the age of 10 is
the bare minimum of what's needed the
current outbreak in Gaza is a stark
reminder of how quickly infectious
diseases can reemerge where health
systems are compromised many other
diseases are spreading while our
Collective capacities to prevent detect
and respond to them continue to be
hindered and the people of Gaza need so
much more than vaccines medical supplies
food and shelter are all
lacking we cannot plan more than 24
hours in advance because we struggle to
know what supplies we will have when we
will have them or where we will be able
to
deliver the lives of 2.1 million people
cannot depend on luck and hope alone Aid
deliveries already complicated by 16
evacuation orders in just one week were
suspended after Israeli forces shot at a
clearly marked world food program Convoy
whose route had been shared and approved
these security incidents make the work
of these organizations significantly
harder these incidents should not
happen Israel must not only take
ownership for its mistakes but also take
concrete actions to ensure the IDF does
not fire on un Personnel
again further all attacks and
threatening rhetoric against the UN and
humanitarian NOS need to stop Israeli
military activity in the West Bank also
Drew concern and condemnation the World
Health Organization says it has nearly
2200 health workers ready to distribute
the vaccines and they're committed to
getting them to the children who need
them but what is most needed according
to humanitarians and the Security
Council is a ceasefire Christen salumi
Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer